World Capo - Production & Deployment Blueprint
To deploy this application securely, process real payments (Stripe/Apple Pay), and handle World Cup traffic, you must shift from a "Frontend-Only" prototype to a Full-Stack Architecture.

1. The Database (Firebase Firestore)
Right now, the app uses a temporary demo database. You need your own live Firebase project.

What is needed:
Create a Firebase Project: Go to the Firebase Console, create a project, and register a web app to get your specific firebaseConfig keys.
Replace the Config: In App.jsx, you will replace the dynamic __firebase_config with your actual keys:
const firebaseConfig = {
  apiKey: "YOUR_API_KEY",
  authDomain: "your-app.firebaseapp.com",
  projectId: "your-app",
  // ...etc
};
Security Rules (CRITICAL): Right now, anyone can write to the database. In production, you must write Firestore Security Rules that block all frontend writes.
Rule: allow read: if true; (Everyone can see the wall).
Rule: allow write: if false; (Nobody can write directly from the browser).
How do flags get added? Through your secure backend via a Stripe Webhook (see below).
2. Real Payments (Stripe + Apple Pay)
To accept real money securely, you need three components: the Frontend (React), a Backend (Node.js/Firebase Cloud Functions), and Stripe.

Architecture Flow:
Frontend: User clicks "Hang Flag" and selects a location.
Backend: Frontend asks your secure backend to create a Stripe PaymentIntent for €0.70.
Frontend: Stripe's secure UI (Payment Element) appears. Apple Pay / Google Pay will automatically show up in this element if the user is on a compatible device (iPhone, Safari, Android).
User Pays: The user authenticates with FaceID/TouchID or enters a card.
Stripe Webhook (Backend): Stripe sends a secure message (Webhook) to your backend saying, "Payment Successful."
Backend Writes to DB: Your backend uses the Firebase Admin SDK to write the flag's X/Y coordinates to Firestore.
Frontend Updates: Because Firestore is real-time, the flag instantly appears on the user's screen (and everyone else's screen).
Libraries Needed:
Frontend: @stripe/stripe-js and @stripe/react-stripe-js
Backend: stripe (Node.js SDK) and firebase-admin
3. Scalability (How many clients can it handle?)
Firebase and Stripe are built for massive scale, but you need to be aware of how it scales and the costs.

System Limits:
Concurrent Users: Firebase Firestore supports 1 Million concurrent connections per database.
Write Speed: Firestore can handle 10,000 writes per second. (That's 10,000 flags being bought every second).
Stripe: Can comfortably handle thousands of transactions per second.
The Bottleneck: Firestore Read Costs
Firestore charges you per "Document Read". If you have 10,000 flags on the wall, and 1 user loads the page, that is 10,000 reads. If 100,000 users load the page, that is 1 Billion reads (which costs about $300-$600 USD).

How to solve this for massive traffic: Before launching to thousands of users, you will need a backend script that takes all 10,000 flags and bundles them into a single JSON file or a single document. That way, when a user loads the page, they download 1 document instead of 10,000, saving you thousands of euros.

4. Testing Strategy (Security & Payments)
Before going live, you must rigorously test the workflow.

A. Testing Payments (Stripe Test Mode)
Stripe provides a "Test Mode" toggle in their dashboard. While in test mode, real money is never charged.

Card Testing: Stripe provides test card numbers. Using 4242 4242 4242 4242 will always trigger a successful payment.
Apple Pay Testing: You must register your domain in the Stripe Dashboard under Apple Pay settings. To test it, you must use a real Apple device logged into an iCloud account that has been added to your Apple Developer account as a "Sandbox Tester."
B. Testing Security (Firebase Emulators)
Use the Firebase Local Emulator Suite. This runs a fake version of your database on your computer.

Write automated tests using a framework like Jest or Mocha.
Attempt to write fake flags to the database without paying. Your security rules should block this and throw a permission-denied error.
C. Testing Flag Placement (End-to-End)
Use a tool like Cypress or Playwright. You can write a script that opens a headless browser, clicks a team, clicks coordinates (X: 500, Y: 500), enters the Stripe test card, and verifies that the flag emoji appears exactly at those coordinates on the screen.

